[datadog_action_connection] ACTP-104 Terraform provider for Connections API (#2718)
DataDog/terraform-provider-datadog: docs/data-sources/connection.md

---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "datadog_connection Data Source - terraform-provider-datadog"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  A connection that can be used in Actions, including in the Workflow Automation and App Builder products.
---

# datadog_connection (Data Source)

A connection that can be used in Actions, including in the Workflow Automation and App Builder products.

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `id` (String) ID for Connection.

### Read-Only

- `aws` (Block, Read-only) Configuration for an AWS connection (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--aws))
- `http` (Block, Read-only) Configuration for an HTTP connection (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--http))
- `name` (String) Name of the connection

<a id="nestedblock--aws"></a>
### Nested Schema for `aws`

Read-Only:

- `assume_role` (Block, Read-only) Configuration for an assume role AWS connection (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--aws--assume_role))

<a id="nestedblock--aws--assume_role"></a>
### Nested Schema for `aws.assume_role`

Read-Only:

> - `account_id` (String) AWS account the connection is created for

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `account_id` (String) AWS account that the connection is established for
```

> - `external_id` (String) External ID used to scope which connection can be used to assume the role

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `external_id` (String) External ID that specifies which connection can be used to assume the role
```

- `principal_id` (String) AWS account that will assume the role
- `role` (String) Role to assume

<a id="nestedblock--http"></a>
### Nested Schema for `http`

Read-Only:

- `base_url` (String) Base HTTP url for the integration

> - `token_auth` (Block, Read-only) Configuration for an HTTP connection using token auth (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--http--token_auth))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `token_auth` (Block, Read-only) Configuration for an HTTP connection that uses token auth (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--http--token_auth))
```
